"No second what that means. It will begin renouncing our attachment, clinging. We feel more rich of
life. When we take this purpose, it brings karma to ourselves, to the center, not only hovering in
the sky, or not only looking out.
We are looking inwardly, and we feel richness. We settle ourselves. Our minds become more soft,
hearts become more soft, gentle, nice. And when that happens, what is it? It's very natural joy,
peace, happiness, and thoughtful.
And also, it will bring more friendship. It's not just "I am, I am." It really brings karma. You
begin to see every environment, in their own sorrow, what we are, and what we are, ourselves.
And therefore, in the teaching, always you must think of this. And therefore, for example, this
Buddha praise that we've joined by the great Master, post-Chenze.
This is his words of also the "Chenze" of Mother. How beautiful! When you start thinking of this
portrait, seven trainings of the Buddha are beautiful.
This is our prayer. Prayer is not just designed to say something, but it's practice. That's what we
reflect.
All component things are important, like what about how we put examples. And all this, it's not
just kind of saying something, "Mr. Stroll is here."
It's not really Mr. Stroll's. It's true account, true, negative account.
To any standard point, if they speak this language, or they speak the same language, same kind of
thought in this.
This is, it's just so, it is beautiful. We need to reflect this thought.
It brings our scatter of attachment, grasp and scatter of hundreds more, hundreds more. It makes
our mind more gentle, more peaceful, more rich, more settled.
This, therefore, always in the teaching says, reflect this thought before every session of the
practices.
And many great masters, such as like those masters, if you don't reflect these thoughts, even the
person, big enough of yours, even they use the sessions, period, period, the second.
And if you didn't reflect those enough, maybe at the beginning session you are a good practitioner,
end of the session your mind become more kind of like, more tight.
So, the turn to mind to the download, this is very important. Think of this.
And also to keep continuing download on the smooth ride and progress to reflect, this is very
important.
This is, those are the foundation, not just important, but those are the foundation in a way,
foundation that we have established.
And then we don't start, and then, I mean, you know, already now.